Q1. Are you working alone or with someone else? If working with someone please put their name. What is your plan for working on this? How much time do you plan to dedicate to working on your project? If working with a partner, how will you coordinate to work on the project?

I, Abhilasha Cheedella, am working with Akshita Upadhyay.
We will meet before class for an hour, which will add up to 2 hours a week. Any errors will be communicated prior to mapping.
Q2. What dataset are you going to use (you can select more or less anything not already used in class or homework)?
    
    We are going to use the UCIrvine Breast Cancer,https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/17/breast+cancer+wisconsin+diagnostic. The features are: radius (mean of distances from center to points on the perimeter), texture (standard deviation of gray-scale values), perimeter, area, smoothness (local variation in radius lengths), compactness (perimeter^2 / area - 1.0), concavity (severity of concave portions of the contour), concave points (number of concave portions of the contour), symmetry, fractal dimension (\"coastline approximation\ - 1). There are 1,2, and 3 variations of the same parameters so we are going to compile that into a mean dataset. 
  
  Q3. What is your starting hypothesis about the data? Create a null hypothesis and an alternative hypothesis as follows,
    Null Hypothesis:
   For this breast cancer dataset which describes features of metastatic breast cancer(observable characteristics), if the value from the compiled features(texture, perimeter, area, smoothness, compactness, concavity, concave points, symmetry, fractal dimension) is greater than 48 then the tumor is noncancerous,
    Alternative Hypothesis:
   For this breast cancer dataset which describes features of metastatic breast cancer(observable characteristics), if the value from the compiled features(texture, perimeter, area, smoothness, compactness, concavity, concave points, symmetry, fractal dimension) is greater than 48 then the tumor is cancerous.
  
    Q4. You want to prove the alternative hypothesis is true, but it isn't necessarily a problem if you cannot.What models do you plan to apply to your data first? , (there are none NaN)
    
    We plan to use the pd.git dummy to convert out categorical to numerical and assign it to score. Then we are going to process the dataset so all continuous values above normal distribution result in a 2 and all normal values result in a 1. We will use mapping because many of our values are in strings and we want to create a qualitative score. Then we will have a cumulative column to add up all values and count that as a score and then we will assign scores to cancerous and noncancerous.
    Then we can put this in a column graph and we can test our model using the confusion matrix get precision and accuracy values and compare it to the depiction on the website about accuracy and precision. We plan on using KNN neighbors, Random Forests, Support Vector Machines, and Logistic Regression. We chose to use KNN because this is a predictive code, we are trying to predict if our score does correlate with a positive cancer prognosis. We are using a random forest. It is better than a decision tree cause it prevents overfitting which is important in cancer prognosis. Also, it's just better in accuracy and precision. We chose to use SVM because we are generating a score from multiple classes of data, we have multiple classes in our many columns so we can use this to further hone the Random Forest output. For our binary outcome, logistic regression is a great model because once again it is great for predicting the probability of a patient developing cancer based on the score  Since we are making physical characteristics into binary to get the value of \"cancerous\" or \"not cancerous\" this will be extremely beneficial to test ourselves.
